				
Special Interactions:
				
				
				
	Taunts: (	Alone and M: Forming a crystal, shattering it, slams the shards on the ground around him.
				Alone and E: Dark purple whirlwind around his raised arm. other Arms Finger pointing forward, then making a fist in front of him.
				Together and M: Summoning his GF to his location, huging her from behind, closing his Eyes. Opening eyes, spining her to his left side. Colors her orange, if she isn't already
				Together and E:	Summoning his GF to his location, letting wisps flying towards them. She bans them, raising her hand in front of her, striking it to the side. He pats her shoulder.	)
		
		
		Basic Quotes: 
			Come on! Hit me if you're able!
			Surpass me, and face something even stronger than Eternity!
			Someone has to do the first step, right?
				
		
		E Mecha Skins:
			You are just metal, awaiting its reforging!
			
		Academy Skins:
			I wish I leaded an academy when I had a chance to...
			
		A Challenger Skins:
			Finaly, the elite of Runeterra aids us in this war!
				
		E Challenger Skins:
			You may be strong, but that won't stop me from fulfilling my fate!
			
		A Arcade Skins:
			You will make them fear the power of fun!
			
		E Arcade Skins:	
			You are just cheap toys awaiting their end, just to be reworked to finaly reach balance.
			
		Primal Skins:
			The force of you primal creatures is amazing!
				
		Dancing related Skins:		
			If I could only dance with her like in the old days...
				
		Towards any enemy essence stealer (Ahri, himself, Vladimir, ...):
			May the best essence stealer win.
				
		valentines day skins:
			Love... so beautifull... so destructive...
			I still love her. (I know!) Unluckily she got killed. (She will pay for attacking you!)
				
		A Good Project Skin:
			They advanced you, and you still are human. If I ever get unlucky to join you, will I manage the same?
			
		E Good Project Skin:
			I see nothing human inside you. You are just another dead body between me and balance.
			
		E Evil Project Skin:
			Your kind only exists to make the world suffer.
			You break the balance of powers with your mere existencce.

		Winter themed skins:
			I like Winter! This cold outside is... I just can't immagine anything better!
		
		Roleplay Skins:
			May I join your magical adventure full of fairys and elfs?
		
		Bloodmoon Skins:
			A stroll under the moon... every time a new, unique experience...
		
		Void themed Champions and Skins:
			Go back to your world! I don't want this world to end the same!
			
		Officer Caitlyn and Vi:
			You will get this crazy ass Jinx! I've seen it!
			
		Godess Themed Skins:
			You are godesses, so you have to maintain balance!
			
		Poolparty Skins:
			May I join the splishy splashy fun?
			(I would like to, but...) I know. We will find a way!
			
		1. April fools:
			You are definitly not who you were before.
			Ok, I admit, this is kinda cool!
		
		Tango Skins:
			We danced like this a long time ago... (Someday we will again. Promised.)
			
		Debonair Skins:
			You get them all, I have found mine some time ago! (*sigh*)
			
		Cardthemed Skins:
			Wana play a game? Just promise you won't cheat, I'd see that!
			
		Undead Champions and Skins:
			You should be dead by now, and you know that!
			Stop interupting this Worlds balance!
			
		Order of the Lotus Skins:
			She wanted to join you, you know? (But now...)
			
		Starguardian Skins:
			Everyone needs Idols. But you Starguardians are the best!
			
		If Kayle and Morgana are in the game:
			Magic, Eternity, don't end like these two. It's for your own good.
		
		Food related Skins:
			Have you found what you desired most?
			
			
				
				
		Aatrox:
			I know it has to be hard, beeing one of the last living individuals of a race, but breking the balance of Runeterra isn't the right way to compensate this.
			
		A Ahri:
			At some point, we are similar, wise Foxgirl.
			
		A Midnight Ahri:
			The night is still long, so let's rip these poor souls into little pieces!
		
		E Ahri:
			Come on, try to charm me. She knows that I'll never betray her!
			Such a shame we have to meet at this kind of circumstances. Still, my essence doesn't belong to you.
		
		Akali:
			You fight for a great cause! I like that!
		
		Amumu:
			Last time I checked, I pitied you. Still, I can't help you, small one.
			What if I said that I kinda like you? But unluckily, I have things to do.
			
		A Anivia:
			I like the Freljord! Let's safe it together, allright?
		
		E Anivia:
			So, this Birdie chose to break the balance even more?
			
		Blackfrost Anivia:
			I'm not the one causing the corruption of your land. But now you are!
			
		E Annie:
			You don't even know what potential you waste.
			
		Frostfire Annie:
			Ice can burn as much as fire. Oh, and by the way, it is much more efficient!
			
		Hextech Annie:
			Advanced by Hextech, still you are as powerfull as before. Though, it looks kinda cool!
			
		A Ashe:
			May this Artefact serve you well, queen.
		
		E Ashe:
			It seems even a blind snowchick finds some corn.
			
		Freljord Ashe:
			Now noone can see you in the snow,
			
		A Queen Ashe:
			Finaly you got crowned, majesty. I hope we still are friends after all!
		
		A Aurelion Sol:
			Let's save you from Targons claws, old boy!
		
		E Aurelion Sol:
			You tried to keep balance of this universe, but now you're here, breaking Runeterra's.
			
		A Azir:
			Oh, you're back! Wanna help me fixing the mess your friend causes?
		
		E Azir:
			You are no better than him, little Bird.
			
		Bard:
			Here we are, caretaker. May balance get restored, once and forever.
			
		A Bard:
			You and I, we work for keeping this Universe in balance, caretaker.
			
		E Bard:
			You may be on the wrong side this time. But don't worry, everyone makes mistakes!
			
		Braum:
			Magic has done a good job at your door. Eternity even gave her a compliment for this one!
	
		A Cailyn:
			I salute you, officer!
		
		Urfrider Corki:
			A cute little Yordle on a badass Urf. You rock!
		
		Yordles:
			I like your kind! Mind if I pay Bandle a visit?
		
		E Dunkmaster Darius:
			Even if you are a dunkmaster, there will be others to dunk even you!
		
		Diana:
			I've seen you getting blessed with the power of the Lunari! Quite impressive!
			Mind if I watch you to understand the power of the moon?
			Never forget, to see the Moon, there has to be a sun!
			
		Dark valkyrie Diana:
			A dark valkyrie? Things like that never happened when the world was in balance...
			
		Ekko:
			Ah, the boy who shattered time! Mind if I tell ya that I was shattered in time?
			I've experienced every of your timelines, and every time you had to rewind, I pitied you.
			
		E Elise:
			I don't like spiders, but you are the ugliest I've ever seen!
		
		Evelynn:
			You know, she will never forgive you. (Laugh) Neither will I.
			You killed Leloa, but that's not the only reason I have to respect your abilities!
			(I will kill you!) Behave yourself, Leloa. You will get your revenge!
			
		E Ezreal:
			Do you even understand the power of your relic?
			
		Pulsefire Ezreal:
			Help me restore the balance, and this future will never happen!
		
		Fiddlesticks:
			These crows like you? How paradoxical!
			
		A Fiora:
			We will find you a worthy opponent, milady!
			If we survive this, let's train together, Laurent!
			
		Headmistress Fiora:
			To imagine not knowing a propper answer to your questions...
			
		Gangplank:
			Your whole life is on the edge of death, and you won't even stop doing such dumb things.
			
		Gnar:
			*gnarlike sounds* (You serious?) He understood.
		
		Illaoi:
			Your godess is right. You have to stay in motion in order to survive!
			Ah, here's the champion of the bearded lady!
			
		E Illaoi:
			What if I told you that your motion has to be stoped?
			Keep moving, I know powers even your Godess can't even dream of!
			
		Janna:
			Zaun's a hard place to live. But even if freed, there will be another city taking its place.
		
		Jax:
			Just as you, I won't use my full power.
			Promise we never fight each other seriously, ok?
			
		Jhin:
			Even if I don't like your methods, your doing is some kind of art.
			
		Jinx:
			You don't need a jail, you nead a psychatrist!
			
		A Kassadin:
			Aid me with your wisdom! We will help you to hold them back!
		
		E Kassadin:
			Such a shame we have to kill you for this berayal.
			
		Kayle:
			I would do many things to see your past...
			
		Kennen:
			How wonderfull to see a that powerfull champion of balance!
			
		Kindred:
			You two are gonna take me someday. But my soul doesn't belong to you.
			
		A Kindred:
			Thank you for letting her soul stay with me.
			Hunt well, Kindred souls, so you may take my life someday.
			(Thank you for letting my soul stay in this world.)
			
		E Kindred:
			Once there was a pale man, now there are two animals.
			Death will take you as well. I'm not kidding. I've seen it.
			
		E Kled:
			Not your land, Kled, (it belongs to us all!)
			
		A Kled:
			Let's hunt some of these trespassers!
			
		E LeBlanc:
			Who's better now? (Ok, your student, but I still don't like her!)
			
		Lee Sin:
			You would have been a great summoner. Serving as your champion might have been fun!
			
		Leona:
			Never forget, even the sun needs the moon to keep the light all over the world!
			
		E Lissandra:
			You break the balance of the Freljord! Your death awaits!
			
		A Lucian:
			I wil help you freeing Senna. I promise.
			The death of someone you love hurts... I am sorry...
			I can't take your wife back, but I can teach her soul a little trick.
		
		Lux:
			That power... you are something special, Lux!
			
		Malphite:
			Even as his shard, you have to restore the balance!
			
		E Malzahar:
			I will take care that neither you nor the void will ever arise!
			
		A Maokai:
			We will save your home! These dead guys have to pay for this!
			
		E Maokai:
			I'm not your enemy. (But if you insist, we will take the essence of life and restore your home on our own!)
			
		A Master Yi:
			I'll spread your word, master of the Wuju.
			
		E Mordekaiser:
			Poor soul. (He is going to be defeated, even if he doesn't die.)
			
		A Nasus:
			I'm sorry for what happened to your brother. I've seen everything, he didn't even stand a chance.
		
		E Nasus:
			Evil, little, lonely dog. Go back to your Master!
			
		Qriana:
			The incernation of magic and technology!
			
		Renekton:
			Killing your brother isn't the right choice, but I know I can't stop you.
			
		Ryze:
			It is good to see another Archmage. How's it going finding your runes?
			I would like to take a look at your scroll, but I respect that you don't want this.
			I don't want to imagine what would happen if we both use our full potential... (You're scared!)
			
		Shen:
			You save us from our Shadows to maintain balance. Also, you do a great job!
			
		Skarner:
			Your Family will arise! Just protect them a little longer!
			
		Sona:
			I've listened to your music, the past, and the future!
			
		DJ Sona:
			It's just another style, but hey, we all like it!
			
		E Soraka:
			You broke balance, and got punished right away.
			
		E Programm Soraka:
			Ough, you look like a toy for adults of the future piltover!
			
		Syndra:
			The power you use isn't yours! Keep this in mind!
			
		Taliyah:
			You show great potential! What a shame you already have a teacher...
			(She reminds me of myself...) But her profession is stoneweaving, that's quite different.
			Watch other mages! Maybe you will learn something new!
			(Her way of using magic is... beautifull!) Yeah, you're right. Still, she can't controll her power.
			There's no need to protect those who you like from the King! He's against slavery!
			When I started my jurney i wasn't older than you, nomad girl!
			
		Udyr:
			You are quite the strangest man I've ever met.
			May the spirits help you at your quest!
			
		A Spirit Guard Udyr:
			So you finaly are one with the spirits? (Now there's one thing left to do!) Let's restore balance! Together!
			
		Veigar:
			Poor little guy... I wish I could cure you.
			
		Victor:
			All those upgrades, is there even a soul left?
			
		E Vladimir:
			You suck my blood, I suck your power!
			
		A Yasuo:
			Stay a good master to that girl. If you need help, you'll find me!
			
		Zilean:
			How often have you passed my shatters, old man?
			
		A students:
			So, we finaly fight together!
			
		E students:
			You chose your side.
		
		A Minea:
			Have you learned anything new since our last meeting?
			
		E Minea:
			I hope that's an illusion of you, but I highly doubt that.
			
		A Ildon:
			Your magic will get pretty usefull out there!
			
		E Ildon:
			Come on! You can't kill me!
			
		A Onnezz:
			We make everyone understand our intention!
		
		E Onnezz:
			So you have surrendered to corruption? I thought you were stronger than that.
			
		A Xoxan:
			Nobody can stop us! We are catalysts!
			
		E Xoxan:
			What a pitty that you chose to fight me.
			
		
		
		
		
		
	Joke: (Jumps up, shoots 4 M blue/E purple shots in 4 directions on the ground, lands, stumbles.)
	
	Laugh: (Hand on hip, soft warm calm laugh)
	
	Dance: (Alone: Calm moves, mostly standing.
			Together: Summoning his GF, dancing boogie)
			
	Backport:	(Alone M: Checking the artifact)
		That's enoguh for now.
				(Alone E: Purple smoke from both raised hands, making fists, smoke disappears.)
		Even this power... must rest a little.
				(Together M: Summoning his GF to his position, huging him, she steals kiss at port)
		(You don't think of going back without me, aren't you?) Never.
				(Together E: Summoning his GF, climbs his back, pointing forward)
		(Let me guide you!) As you wish.
		
	Pick quote:
		To keep this universe in balance! (Forever!)
	
	Starting game:
		SR:
			Which fight is it going to be?
			I sense our enemys!
			For the teaching of the younger sister!
			For the training of the elder sister!
			
		TT:
			I have to free this place in the name of balance!
			
		HA:
			The Bridge where Queens fight!
			
		CS:
			These energies... this will be fun!
			
	Attacking (Both):
		Hyra!
		Hwa!
		For Balance!
		Sorry!
		You Serious?
		Out of my way!
		You'll fall!
		This one's for him/her!
		Never!
		Eternity awaits!
		Magic awaits!
		What if I used my full potential?
		Run!
		Vanish!
		Reconsider this!
		Learning can hurt!
		That's nothing!
		I don't like this!
		Disappear!
		Anything new?
		I hate this!
		Why are you standing in my way?
		Can you even hit me?
		This lesson will hurt!
		I know what I'm doing!
		You will recover from that!
		Hope it did hurt!
		I will return you to your family, I promise!
		Ha! Hit'cah!
		Don't ignore me!
		It's dangerous to fight alone!
		Together, we three/four are strong!
		Underestimate me one time, and learn your lesson!
		
		River: Bad Idea fighting here...
		Jungle: Knew you'd come here!
	
	Enemy getting away with low health:
		Learned your lesson? (I don't think so...)
		
	A First blood:
		Hopefully the last. (Unluckily just one of many)
		
	E First blood:
		Oh, it's one of these fights!
		
	Spree:
		Why did this have to happen?
	
	Penta:
		Eternity has taken them all. (Magic did the cleanup of the last one!)
		() Face Eternity! ()
		
	Destroying Tower:
		It had to be... (For the balance!)
		
	Destroying multiple Towers:
		I heared someone scream this time! (Now it is too late...)
		
	Baron:
		You have no right to exist! Be gone!
		You broke balance!
		
	Drake:
		Nope, nothin' magic to his fire.
		This one will help us, if he wants or not!
		
	Vilemaw:
		Beat the shit out of this ugly spider!
		Play with Elise, spider!
		
	Movement:
		*humming*
		Can't I? (NO)
		Can I jus...? (NOO)
		How abou...? (NO)
		This is the Path I chose!
		After all this years, this is just the right thing.
		
	Enemy base:
		Show them a little bit more of your Power!
		
	after Idle:
		Enough waiting!
		
	hearing Taunt:
		E: I won't mind this one.
		
	hearing Joke;
		A: *laughs* ok, now back to business
		E: should I laugh? (Nah, would be a waste of time.)
		
	Q:
		M:
			Time's on my side!
			Time to reequip!
			Approaching!
		E:
			Hello!
			Blup!
			Another weapon, some different fun!
			
	W:
		M:
			You will do a great job!
			Your purpose is set!
			Free catalysts for everyone!
		E:
			Another victim.
			Hopefully she doesn't get mad at me...
			Hello sweetie!
			
	E:
		M:
			I'll heal you!
			Attack me!
			My pain, your joy!
		E:
			Don't be so rude!
			She doesn't know better!
			Sometimes you are awfull!
			
	R:
		CHANGE!
		FOR ETERNITY/MAGIC!
		SURRENDER TO THE SISTERS!
		
	Dying: (He: Kneeling down, Touching his shoulder, disappearing leaving his curently equiped weapon behind.
			She: Shatters, soul returns to him.)
		She:
			(As long as you live it's ok.)
		He:
			You actually hit me...
			Well, I couldn't dodge forever.
			
			
	GF appears:
		(I will help you!)
		(He never fights alone!)
		(He will live!)
		
	Warding:
		I can sense them, but my team can't.
		Vision for those with a plan.
		(Vision for me to warn you!)
		(To have an eye on those who wander!)
		See through magical eyes!
		This vision is not eternal, but it will be enough.
		(Beware, wandering soul!)
		(We will see them!)
	